[IMP] accounting/sales: terms & conditions and quotation templates update (#4442)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/receivables/customer_invoices/terms_conditions.rst

==================================
Default terms and conditions (T&C)
==================================

Add default terms and conditions at the bottom of all customer invoices, sales orders, and
quotations, either as text or a link to a web page.

Configuration
=============

Go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Settings`. Under the :guilabel:`Customer
Invoices`, enable :guilabel:`Default Terms & Conditions`. By default, the :guilabel:`Add a Note`

> option is selected. Enter the terms and conditions in the field below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option is selected, and the terms and conditions are displayed at the bottom of the document. Enter
the terms and conditions in the text box below.
```

.. image:: terms_conditions/terms-note.png
   :alt: Example of terms and conditions as a note

Alternatively, to display the terms and conditions on a web page, select the :guilabel:`Add a link
to a Web Page` option and click :guilabel:`Save`. Click :guilabel:`Update Terms`, edit the
content, and click :guilabel:`Save`. The link is then added as a note.

> To edit the layout and content of the page using the Website Builder, install the eCommerce app. The

Author: > > @xpl-odoo I just found out @ksc-odoo has another PR for quotation templates. #4443
> > I see you asked your question to @odoo/sales-doc-review two weeks ago, though.
> 
> So, how would you like me to proceed? Should I cancel my PR?

Hi @ksc-odoo. I have used some of your PR's content, and I will add you as a co-author once I squash the commits.
You can close the other PR.

> To edit the layout and content of the page using the Website Builder, install the eCommerce app. The

Reviewer 2: Okay. I'll close it now. Thanks for letting me know.
